README.md, before:

# Cybersecurity Projects Portfolio

## About Me
I'm a college freshman starting on my journey to break into cybersecurity. This repo is mainly to document my personal projects. It will include documentations of networking projects composed of pdfs, python scripts for different functions, and documentation about my homelabbing/virtualization journey. Enjoy!


## Networking Documentation
### [Home Network Security Audit](./Home-Network-Security-Audit)

Conducted full security audit of home network, identifying vulnerabilities and implementing industry-standard remediation measures. This project demonstrates hands-on experience with network security, router administration, and professional documentation practices.

## Python Functions


### [Password Integrity Checker](./Python-Password-Checker)

Created a function that takes an inputted password, checks it for a capital letter, number, and special character and repeats if it doesn't contain that.

## Homelabbing/Virtualization

### [Windows AD](./Home-Lab/Windows-Server)

Configured a Windows 2022 Server with a Windows 11 Client to simulate a real-work environment.

### WireGuard

Configured a self-hosted VPN to access my homelab from outside my home LAN.

Commit message:

Add SIEM Server configuration details to README
Added section for SIEM Server configuration with details on VMs and log display.

README.md, after:

# Cybersecurity Projects Portfolio

## About Me
I'm a college freshman starting on my journey to break into cybersecurity. This repo is mainly to document my personal projects. It will include documentations of networking projects composed of pdfs, python scripts for different functions, and documentation about my homelabbing/virtualization journey. Enjoy!


## Networking Documentation
### [Home Network Security Audit](./Home-Network-Security-Audit)

Conducted full security audit of home network, identifying vulnerabilities and implementing industry-standard remediation measures. This project demonstrates hands-on experience with network security, router administration, and professional documentation practices.

## Python Functions


### [Password Integrity Checker](./Python-Password-Checker)

Created a function that takes an inputted password, checks it for a capital letter, number, and special character and repeats if it doesn't contain that.

## Homelabbing/Virtualization

### [Windows AD](./Home-Lab/Windows-Server)

Configured a Windows 2022 Server with a Windows 11 Client to simulate a real-work environment.

### [SIEM Server](./SIEM-Server)

Configured 3 VMs: Ubuntu server, Kali Linux, Windows 11 on a Wazuh webpage to display logs from Windows 11 VM while conducting MITRE ATT&CK techniques on it from Kali Linux.

### WireGuard

Configured a self-hosted VPN to access my homelab from outside my home LAN.
